Update network.md (#1681)
maticnetwork/matic-docs: docs/operate/network.md

* [WatchData](https://docs.watchdata.io/blockchain-apis/polygon-api)
* [NOWNodes](https://nownodes.io/nodes/polygon-matic)
* [Kriptonio](https://kriptonio.com/)

> View all public endpoints on [Alchemy's Chain Connect resource](https://www.alchemy.com/chain-connect/chain/polygon-pos). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View all public endpoints on [Alchemy's Chain Connect](https://www.alchemy.com/chain-connect/chain/polygon-pos) and [Chainlist](https://chainlist.org/?search=Polygon+Mainnet). 
```
